
# CTT Exercise - Backend .Net

## Intro

The goal of this exercise is to assess your skill to code a service, following industry best practices, and create a pipeline that puts that service into a CI/CD lifecycle.

This exercise reflects the work you will be doing if chosen to work with us.

## Overview

1. Create a service that exposes 2 functionalities:
- Receive a request to register a product
- Receive a request for information of a product

2. Product information should be persisted in a MongoDb instance.

3. The solution needs to be containerized.

4. The canonical schema of the product is
```json
{
"id": string[36] (uuid),
"stock": int,
"description": string,
"categories": Array<string[36]>,
"price": float
}
```

5. The information received in the requests are:
```
Request to register a product
. "description": string
. "categories": Array<{ "id": string[36], "name": string }>
. "price": string

Request for information of a product
. "id": string[36]
```

## Instructions

### Setup

1) The code needs to be done using `.Net >=8`

2) The only 3rd party dependencies allowed, but not mandatory, are:
- A library to generate UUIDs
- MongoDb's SDK
- Testing libraries

3) Use Github as the version control tool.

4) Use Github Actions as the pipeline tool.

5) If needed, create a [Github account](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/start-your-journey/creating-an-account-on-github).

6) Create a repository, in the GitHub account of step 5, for the application code.

7) Create a repository, in the GitHub account of step 5, to serve as the recipient of the artifacts generated by the CI/CD pipeline.

8) If needed, create a [Dockerhub account](https://docs.docker.com/accounts/create-account/).

### Development method

1) Use Test Driven Development (TDD).

2) Use Trunk Based Development (TBD).

### Pipeline

Using Github Actions your pipeline should do, overall, the following:
- Open a Pull Request (PR) to the repository create in "Setup 7)" with the Kubernetes manifest(s) needed to deploy this exercise.
- Build Docker images
- Push Docker images to the Dockerhub account created in "Setup 8)"
- Run automated tests

### What we expect

1) Your repo to contain all the files needed to run the exercise.

2) The repo to contain a file named "README.md" with:
- Instructions to run the exercise locally.
- Any assumptions you made.
- Any improvements you would make if this was a production product.

3) The Github Action to be setup in your repo, according to the instructions above.